chore: formalize solution inheritance rules (#1541)
TimefoldAI/timefold-solver: docs/src/modules/ROOT/pages/upgrading-timefold-solver/upgrade-to-latest-version.adoc

=== Upgrade from 1.21.0 to 1.22.0

.icon:info-circle[role=yellow] Formalization of inheritance rules
[%collapsible%open]
====
Inheritance is a feature that is already available for modeling planning solutions and planning entities.
The new solver version has clarified the inheritance rules
and provides updated documentation on how to use it for both the
xref:using-timefold-solver/modeling-planning-problems.adoc#planningModelSolutionInheritance[solution] and xref:using-timefold-solver/modeling-planning-problems.adoc#planningModelEntiyInheritance[entity] models.

> We do not expect that the new rules will impact existing user code,
> although it is possible that some corner cases may not work in the new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not expect that the new rules will impact existing user code,
but it is possible that some unexpected corner cases will break.
If that is the case, please let us know.
```
